- What I am showing in my screenshot are the humble beginnings of my website. The goal is to have the whole picture move much like the web design in four minute example, but that is not going as planned. As of now I cannot fit the whole picture and think I just need to move the white space/ buttons down. As far as the buttons goes they are labeled correctly, and for now are the right colors, but not in the right place. I would like them to be closer to the left side with a banner extending out of them to bring you to the next web page. Clicking on the products page for example will bring you to a page where the product is available to buy. The sustainability page will bring you to the hypothetical article on what the company is doing to help clean up beaches in the area and give back to the community. Then the about us page will be the mission statement and value proposition of the company. As far as design goes I have not thought too much about these sub pages but it will be rather simplistic. Possibly with a picture or two on the side of the article written. Then obvious picture of the product  and customer buying interface for whoever is looking at the sight. 
- Right now I am struggling with just about everything. I did all the tutorials and do feel somewhat comfortable with them but when it comes to a blank slate of a website I seem to be having trouble connecting the code to the lessons. I am doing well with the html side because that is just writing but the CSS has so many options and things to learn that I am never certain what I am doing is correct. I will keep working hard to get what I can done. 
